docs(*) fix versions in links TD-12 (#1130)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/enterprise/0.32-x/installation/docker.md

## Enable RBAC

> [Role-based Access Control (RBAC)](https://docs.konghq.com/latest/setting-up-admin-api-rbac/) allows you to create multiple Kong administrators and control which resources they have access to. To enable it:

Reviewer: This 404s.

Author: ```suggestion
[Role-based Access Control (RBAC)](/enterprise/{{page.kong_version}}/setting-up-admin-api-rbac/) allows you to create multiple Kong administrators and control which resources they have access to. To enable it:
```
